feat(opentelemetry source): support OTLP logs, metrics & traces (#23524)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/otlp_decoding.enhancement.md

The `opentelemetry` source now supports a new decoding mode which can be enabled by setting `use_otlp_decoding` to `true`. In this mode,

> all events will preserve the [OTLP](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/protocol/) format. These events can be forwarded directly to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all events preserve the [OTLP](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/protocol/) format. These events can be forwarded directly to
```

the `opentelemetry` sink without modifications.

> **Note:** The OTLP metric format and the Vector metric format differ, so the `opentelemetry` source emits treats OTLP formatted metrics as Vector log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The OTLP metric format and the Vector metric format differ, so the `opentelemetry` source treats OTLP formatted metrics as Vector log
```
Thanks for accepting my feedback! It looks like the new version has an extra word.

Author: That was intentional. The users will probably care about this and it should make sense to them.

> A caveat here is that OTLP metrics and Vector metric format differ and thus we treat as logs as they come out the source. These events
> cannot be used with existing metrics transforms. However, these can be ingested by the OTEL collectors as metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OTLP metric format and the Vector metric format differ, so Vector treats [OTLP formatted events??] as logs as they come out the source. These events
cannot be used with existing metrics transforms. However, they can be ingested by the OTEL collectors as metrics.
```
I tried to clarify these lines. Please feel free to correct my wording, as I wasn't sure what entities are treated as logs.
